i want you deeply go through the whole internet and give me some powerful system that generates leads and deals for vehicle dealers. I don't want any powerful and good way which works on peripheral level unless boosted, so I want something powerful that can in reality generate me leads rather than just being peripheral. I want that hidden tools that in reality generates leads and deals which real money makers from dealership use or even if better is available. I think being a dealer at someone else's company can't help me with these tools as I won't have excess to those things needed for these stuff, so I want something hidden but powerful strategy that can get the deals from day one. but I need leads to get the things implemented. but these tools can only help if I have a website or something, which I don't have. So something powerful that I can use my company domain andout of that without actually getting excess if i could reach people who visit website and leave and people who look at card with the ientd to buy and just leave the site, and if i could also get which the details which car the were looking for? so automated tools can send them the message or i could personally follow them. is there any other way around totally free and still so powerful that it is the mastermind, omini ultra successful more than the ultra professionals in the businesses, vehicle leads generator and deals fixer, and can always find the potential customers and target people interested in buying. yes you give me that. But can you build me a setup for free which should be able to automatic all that heavy surfing job, and send them the personal messages. I am also sharing the website of the dealers I am working with: https//:teamford.ca  .if I create a single page website with the cars available like that on teamford.ca, how can I get access to leads and deal and traffic on it(So make website of multipages as needed), anyone searching for car, searches for any modal should be that page on top of it, I should be able to get access to even the people clicking on the website of teamford.ca or even those of the competetors. I want that even without access to their website code I should be able to pull their inventories or listings which I could directly listing on this new page.  if I don't use the name teamford, will that not boost the system to get the highest traffic but at the same time building trust with the customers as many scammers are out there so people may not believe easily, what's your opinion what to do and how to go for it? build the website which should have the name, frontend, backend, and any other things needed to make it top notch, and a master ui in that where i can ultra easily add new inventories, update, remove, mark sold, make available adjust pricing, adding dedicated pictures, update, add or remove and so on  that will be shown up on page or content everything locally to manage every pop up or listing etc. it should have mind blowing and professional level wonder strucking and out of box( far beyond imagination) Ui and animations. So I want very greatly multimillions professional creative website and add things which you think should be there and serve my purpose. I wanted to make everything with Premium quality, luxury. Make sure, it is as the instructions were given in the beginning even powerful, and should rank 1st on SEO and anyone searches for any vehicle my website should rank first and also should be one of its kind, I want it really powerful, engaging and lead and deal generator from the day one or the very hour it is online. Make it a perfect tool for serving the purpose. make it runnable and functional, in every aspect and respect and make it highly production level website. Make it also including amazing 3D effects and car styling and viewing that should give user the wow, jaw dropping experience with the UI and all the features of the website making it a real luxury and premium experience with each scroll touch and click on website. remove the api what's app button instead add there something creative to directly connect with the connect number, or any other very intelligent bot which should converse with the visitors and get them book a test drive of the vehicles interested, make the complete website itself an intelligent machine, also don't forget what I had mentioned earlier, don't use kiddish or cartoonist icons on the website rather be creative to add something premiumly a unique way of representations or real vehicles models(but not cartoonist) of the companies. also make the Admin panel the easiest  and intelligent to use as possible, and also multiple ways of listing the vehicle on the web (provide the appropriate file structured file for successful automatically uploading the data via csv file and other modes). . i am ok with the current plan, but when I click on the vehicles to view more info about it, there is some kind of unknown error which shows up and everything goes blank. I also want you that at many places the font is too short to be read and, there is no 3D real animations and models, and animations. Possibly you should add very unique way of presenting the vehicles in a kind of like showing every vehicle image to convert into 3d model effect that it look like viewing every car like being there (that it looks in 3D viewpoint). when i have scrolled down one page and reach bottom or anyplace and I toggle to another page why the page is already scrolled where I was on the first page. that creates irritation so whenever I scroll to another pages every time it should open from the beginning except if I was on the home page viewing certain vehicle. Also enhance every other vehicle. I want every page should have luxury 3D animations, models, and viewpoint effects that everything feels and appeals. The user should feel the different 3D view of the website at different sections like he is moving and watching everything just as a real person is seeing the things from his angle like the ultimate high graphic website from the person's personal view point. use the ultimate animated design of the premium websites that the different kinds of 3D card viewpoint like that of gaming websites. And also do everything better than the best. Name the website AutoNorth motors(mainly AutoNorth and add motor as subname that it doesn't conflict with anything else)